to be what you'll need a glaze
Nail of any color for the base
enamel diffuser this is the one that is used
for when the glazes are put
thick
mixing vessel
and talc
started painting the nails in one color
normal the one that I had days
let's mix in our container
Talc and diffuser in equal parts
the texture you should get is something
similar to a nail shine
remember to mix them very well every time
that you apply diffuser
although very thick
apply more diffuser data
you can help with a brush of some
enamel you have already finished the
clean very well with acetone and you
will serve for this in many other courses
when you've gotten the texture of
shine simply taking and put it on
the nail as if it were a layer of enamel
normal
and quickly in just a few seconds you
enamel will change to a matte texture
do not worry about the white edges
you can clean them simply with a
brochita and a little water
you
this is the final look I could leave it like this
or even just a few small changes to
your good mates
simply with brightness look at everything
you can do in this he did some stripes
here some circles
and then I made a French style
mate
all the designs then do it
simply with nail shine
now some tips
if it does a little more mixing and the
kept in an empty enamel you will be able to
have it always at hand
so you will not have to do the mixing every
once they paint your nails and you can
turn into more than the enamel that
want
another option is to use these glazes
that have a craquelure effect
if you apply it in two layers you will
get the same matt effect
do not
this was all remember to subscribe to me
blog and follow me on Instagram bye
and you